[5, 'I got this to motivate me and basically remind me that I can be a couch potato at times. The accelerometer in it is great and seems to actually be able to tell whether I\'m sitting and moving my arms around or actually walking (even while holding my coffee mug or a bag on the same arm). It can even tell if you\'re running without the heart rate strap. The band has a soft feel to it and is comfortable to wear all day, but I give my skin a break by not wearing it in the shower or when sleeping. I wore it to bed for the first 2 weeks and it will show you how much quality sleep you had and how long you were asleep on the Flow app, but I don\'t really care about that feature so I stopped wearing it at night. The calories burned was actually quite a bit higher than what my rowing machine calculated, most likely due to Polar\'s extensive research on calorie consumption. The heart rate strap is also very comfortable and accurate. Instructions say the strap can be put in the washing machine (without the transmitter of course), but I just rinse it well after each use and hang dry. Also, the strap actually connected very easily to my rower at home, which is only compatible with 5K devices, and my rate was never more than 1 beat off from the Polar. I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because the device and strap overall are a little big and long for women. I\'m not petite by any means. My wrist measures about 7" in circumference, but the strap is not designed to be trimmed and the end goes almost all the way around to the top of the device. I hope they at least make a band to fit women down the line. Bonus: On my birthday, I discovered that instead of the activity progression bar at the bottom of the home screen, it shows a birthday cake with candles. It was kind of hard to see, but when you are active the candles "flicker". It will also not vibrate on your b-day to tell you to move, but you can press the menu button to see how much activity you\'ve done. Of course, you have to register your device on the Flow app with your info for this to happen.', [0, 0, 0, 0, 145], [0, 0, 0, 0, 14]]